Dear [club],

I'm writing to share information about a FREE to use website that I have spent the last few months developing.

I strongly believe my website can help revolutionize the "club" industry, using:
    - Easy to use game creation tools
    - Easy for users to find clubs that are still active
    - Almost 0 admin for club executives
    - An attendance tracking tool

But what is in it for me?
I plan to add even better tools for clubs and other features which would require a paid subscription called Club+ 
I plan to add sections for coaches / physios / nutritionists to post articles / courses where there would be a revenue sharing system (like medium)

What are the game creation tools?

Currently I have developed 3 modes:
    - SBMM (Skill based match making), this is where the system decides games based on past performance, 
      although tools for this already exist they all shared a common problem: players would get stuck in 
      a loop and end up playing the same players most of the time, my SBMM algorithm solves this problem
      using boosting. 
    - Social, using a mathemtical optimisation algorithm the system creates games to socialise people as much
      as possible. 
    - Peg board, like the traditional peg board system except it's digital! No more buying pegs, no more 
      "Who is Male visitor 4?" as you can create unlimited pegs FOR FREE

On top of this, unlike other systems users can login and see clubs near them, filter by sport and find upcoming
events easily. Users can join clubs and keep track of their progress for different game types such as badminton singles.

Now I understand that most club members will not want to create an account, so how do we deal with this? 
Well a club can create users that only this club can access. These members can later be connected with real accounts
if a club member decides to create an account.

What's in it for us?
- In the future we plan on releasing Club+ and Member+, which will be a paid subscription version that allows clubs
  and members to access premium functions / content, but this will be optional.

Other features will follow shortly after, such as Leagues and Cups, we hope to see you on there!